The highlight of this, again, is Dzogchen opening. Just go to the general Ngondro practice, a
particular Ngondro practice, and then do the Dzogchen practice every time.
That is really teaching. The general Ngondro practice is the general need. What general need? The
general Ngondro practice is the general to all the yanas.
When there is a Theravada, when there is a Suttur Mahayana, when there is a Dhanthur Mahayana, it
is the same. That is what we call the general Ngondro.
This renunciation, thought, and discussion, what we are discussing, is basic Buddhist teaching,
foundation. That is what is called general Ngondro practice.
It is general. Why is it called general? Everyone is. Everyone in that practice, and you reactivate
in that practice.
And then, what is the general Ngondro practice? It is the Suttur Mahayana practice. That is not all
general. It is Dzogchen along with that.
So, it is particular. And within the general Ngondro practice, what we call general Ngondro
practice, extra ordinary Ngondro practice, even in the Ngondro practice.
Extra ordinary Ngondro practice there is then, it depends. It is generally also, according to Ngond
ro practice,
the general Ngondro practice is nothing mystery, nothing unusual things. Even the non-believer
knows, or even they don't believe on Buddhism,
this thought, you know, like a thought, definitely, is all, everybody, every experience. Everybody
has to go through.
Whether they recognize or not recognize, it is basic, common ground, common nature.
Then, extra ordinary Ngondro practice, as we follow with the asalic, rafut, and bodhijanas. Those
are the, it depends.
And generally, according to the Dzogchen level, all that is Ngondro practice. Everything is Ngondro
practice.
I mean, these, all generators are Ngondro practice. But according to the Theravada level, rafut is
the all general Ngondro practice.
But according to everybody, whether you are Theravada, whether you are Mahayana, whether you are V
aidyan or Mahayana, all practices are taken up.
And the bodhijada is then highlighted in the Mahayana. That is from Suttur Mahayana, all which is V
aidyan, is the same.
No distinct, no difference, no difference. That is the foundation of the Mahayana, whether it is S
uttur or whether it is Dandram Mahayana.
Then, Madala offering all those more connected to the Mahayana teachings. Vaidyan teachings, all
that.
So that is the halfway reason. So now, we are going kind of, going again, back to Edirhe.
And if you really appreciate our knowledge and understanding of our renunciations, in a way, just
reminding, again, keep praying as I said.
In the preparation of our understanding, knowledge of the whole renunciations, we went really about
the precious lives, impermanence, and then samsaras.
Today I talk really, again, about the, about the now karma.
Karma is that.